Dism doc update for checkpoint cumulative updates aka rebase - Add-Windowspackage (#3862)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/dism/Add-WindowsPackage.md

## NOTES

**Checkpoint cumulative updates**

> Starting with Windows 11, version 24H2, the latest cumulative update may have a prerequisite cumulative update that is required to be installed first. To install these checkpoint cumulative update(s), call Add-WindowsPackage with the target cumulative update. The folder from -PackagePath will be used to discover and install one or more checkpoints as needed. Only the target cumulative update and checkpoint cumulative updates should be in the -PackagePath folder. Cumulative update packages with a revision <= the target cumulative update will be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Windows 11, version 24H2, the latest cumulative update may have a prerequisite cumulative update that is required to be installed first. To install these checkpoint cumulative updates, call Add-WindowsPackage with the target cumulative update. The folder from -PackagePath will be used to discover and install one or more checkpoints as needed. Only the target cumulative update and prerequisite checkpoint cumulative updates should be in the -PackagePath folder. Cumulative update packages with a revision less than or equal to the target cumulative update will be processed.
```
Added a couple of tweaks, mostly for docs style and clarity:
- removed (s) and just made it "updates"
- clarified "and prerequisite checkpoint cumulative updates should be in the -PackagePath folder."
- spelled out <=
